Update readme (#51)
palantir/log4j-sniffer: README.md

##### Download the latest version

1. Locate [releases] (https://github.com/palantir/log4j-sniffer/releases).
2. Select the Windows asset.
3. Confirm that the file is downloading to your “Downloads” folder.

##### Use log4j-sniffer

1. Type "Command Prompt" into the search bar at the bottom and in the right pane click "Run as administrator".
2. Navigate to your Downloads folder, e.g. `cd C:\Users\yourname\Downloads`

> 3. Run tar `-xvzf C:\Users\USERNAMEHERE\Downloads\log4j-sniffer-1.0.0-windows-amd64.tgz -C C:\Users\yourname\Downloads` to convert the linux tgz to exe.

Reviewer: small correction:

```suggestion
3. Run `tar -xvzf C:\Users\USERNAMEHERE\Downloads\log4j-sniffer-1.0.0-windows-amd64.tgz -C C:\Users\USERNAMEHERE\Downloads` to extract the executable.
```
